Project Name: Dentist Evaluation Based on Zip Code 

Project Objective: Find out if zip code wealth affects the quality of dentists that are available and networks that are available.

What problem are you solving? 
  I am solving the question / problem of whether or not there are disparities in quality, and availability of networks in zip codes that are high 
  income and low income. And through answering this question, I am able to make recommendations if action should be taken to accomadate any issues
  or differences. 
  
How are you solving this problem?
  I am solving this problem by writing queries in SQL for analysis. Then, I am able to recommend solutions based off of my findings. 
  
Job Description: 
  Responsible for the design, development, and delivery of analytic solutions. 
  Extract, manipulate, and analyze large datasets with SQL or other dB tools.
  Translate business needs and results into analytic questions through SQL and BI tools to support data-driven and strategic decision-making.
  Establishes and maintains excellent knowledge of data warehouse database design, data definitions, system capabilities, query languages, and data integrity.
  Develops in-depth understanding of operational processes, business rules, and key metrics for all supported business units.
  Analyzes operational results and trends, utilizing data to identify process improvement opportunities.
  Proposes solutions for, and participates in the implementation of, identified improvement opportunities.
  Uses MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, Tableau, SSRS and other tools to develop data visualizations and translate analytic findings in order to provide meaningful insight into program performance.
  Develop and assist with coding logic in SQL, Excel, and other tools.
  Performs modeling of information sources and business flows.
  Completes ad-hoc analysis as needed.
  
1 paragraph explaining the company, title, and job description for the job posting you selected
  The job title that I chose was Business Info Developer Consultant at Anthem Inc. Anthem Inc. or Anthem is a provider of domestic health insurance 
  that is a for-profit company. It is managed by Blue Cross Blue Shield which is why many know Anthem Blue Cross, or Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield. 
  This job requires the individual to be able to understand SQL and be able to manipulate, extract, and provide analytics from data sets. 
  
Briefly explain how the project is related to the job posting: 
  This project is related to the job posting because, similarly to the job, my project required me to look at a data set; understand what the data set was
  populated with; and lastly, write SQL queries to pull analytics and provide insight behind the data. These insights then allow me to provide a recommendation. 
  
Data
  Source: https://www.deltadentalins.com/find-a-dentist/directory-results/?network=2ppo,2premier,2deltacare,DCSUBIND,DCSUBMED,DCSUBCON&location=90021&distance=5&specialty=General%20Dentist&sort_field=relevance&sort_order=asc&lat=34.0309258&long=-118.2380432&page=1
  Characteristics: There were some incomplete cells in the DentalQual column and Yelp Rating column; I would assume this data is up to date and accurate considering my source.
  Overall, most of the data was useful, however I was not able to incorporate the distance from the origin zip code into a query which made it not relevant. 
  
Notebooks: 
  DATA COLLECTION: This notebook was used to web scrape data from Delta Dental's 'Find a Dentist' search tool. 
    Link: https://github.com/dnakahara1/sql-project/blob/main/data_collection.ipynb
  ANALYSIS: This notebook was used to write SQL queries to explore the data, and then answer questions that I thought of to provide analytics on the data set. 
    Link: https://github.com/dnakahara1/sql-project/blob/main/sql_analysis.ipynb

Future Improvements:
  If I had more time I would want to pull more zip codes and have more data to look at. I believe that the more data that I can have, the more impactful
  and meaningful my output will be. Another improvement on this project that I would make if I had more time would be creating images of my output such as
  my race demographic percentages in order to easily visualize the differences. 
